Get method for Frame 
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Frame
Get method for OneFrame 
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Frame/:id

Get method for Sash
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Sash
Get method for OneSash 
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Sash/:id

Get method for Company
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Company
Get method for OneCompany 
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Company/:id

Get method for Material
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Material
Get method for OneMaterial 
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Material/:id

Get method for OpeningSystem
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/OpeningSystem
Get method for OneOpeningSystem
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/OpeningSystem/:id

Get method for Profile
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Profile
Get method for OneProfile
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Profile/:id

Get method for ProfileColor
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/ProfileColor
Get method for OneProfileColor
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/ProfileColor/:id

Get method for TypeOfUnit
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/TypeOfUnit
Get method for OneTypeOfUnit
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/TypeOfUnit/:id

Get method for CuttingProcess
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/CuttingProcess
Get method for OneCuttingProcess
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/CuttingProcess/:id

Get method for WeldingProcess
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/WeldingProcess
Get method for OneWeldingProcess
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/WeldingProcess/:id

Get method for Size
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Size
Get method for OneSize
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Size/:id
Post method for Size
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Size

Get method for Reinforcementsteel
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Reinforcementsteel
Get method for OneReinforcementsteel
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Reinforcementsteel/:id

Get method for FloatingMullion
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/FloatingMullion
Get method for OneFloatingMullion
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/FloatingMullion/:id

Get method for GlazingBead
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/GlazingBead
Get method for OneGlazingBead
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/GlazingBead/:id

Get method for OpeningLayout
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/OpeningLayout
Get method for OneOpeningLayout
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/OpeningLayout/:id

Get method for Mullion
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Mullion
Get method for OneMullion
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Mullion/:id

Get method for Layout
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Layout
Get method for OneLayout
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Layout/:id

Get method for Glass
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Glass
Get method for OneGlass
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Glass/:id

Get method for Fanlight
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Fanlight
Get method for OneFanlight
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/Fanlight/:id

Get method for GlassColor
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/GlassColor
Get method for OneGlassColor
http://localhost:8000/api/v1/GlassColor/:id